Update index_a_typescript_and_javascript_repository.md (#25113)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_intelligence/how-to/index_a_typescript_and_javascript_repository.md

   lsif-tsc **/*.js --allowJs --checkJs
   ```

> > **_NOTE:_**  This is also applicable if you are using a mono-repo that contains different projects. For example, project A has `<repo root>/proja/`  and project B has  `<repo root>/projb/` You just need to run the right `lsif-tsc` command and `src lsif upload` in both `./proja` and `./projb` directories depending on the project type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_**  This is also applicable if you are using a mono-repo that contains different projects. For example, Project A is located in `<repo root>/proja/` and Project B is located in `<repo root>/projb/`. You just need to invoke `lsif-tsc` and `src lsif upload` in both `./proja` and `./projb` directories to generate and upload a precise code intelligence index for each project.
```
